We think you're a good fit.
It's a seven-day-a-week job,
from 8:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m.
Salary is 800 euros a month.
You pay for your uniform and lunch.
We give you meal vouchers,
but you return them the next day.
Yes, that's fine.
What will I do with meal vouchers anyway?
Except hold up grocery store lines.
You said five minutes!
He's still crying.
Here, take him.
-It's okay.
-Here you go.
Here, his bottle and baby carrier.
Thank you!
Sorry. I was rushing for the interview.
I didn't know who to leave him with.
But you do have a partner
you can leave the baby with?
No, actually.
His mother isn't around because…
His mom ran off.
But listen, I really need this job.
Please. I've got social workers
breathing down my neck.
I'm all he's got. But he's a quiet baby.
I take him to work with me sometimes.
He just sits there quietly.
See? Got him! Look at that.
Next!
Let's hope your uncle found something.
He had an interview today too.
Pick up, Vito!
There he is. Let's hope it's good news.
-It's your brother. The handsome one.
-We need it. Hey!
Vito, it's an emergency! Come get me
from Piazza Municipio, at the tunnel exit!
-Come here, you bastard! If I catch you--
-Oh God, they're huge!
-If I catch you, you're dead!
-Excuse me!
Vito! Over here!
They're coming! Go!
Bye!
Hi, Napoleon!
Yeah, "Hi, Napoleon!"
Don't give me that look, Vito.
It's not my fault they're idiots.
Sure, it's their fault
that they were buying a phone
but found soap in the box.
You need to ditch the phone scam.
-Ugh!
-It should be me saying that. Ugh!
Made it, honey.
Come on. Get off.
There we go.
Take Napoleon for a second.
-Go to Uncle for a sec. Just a sec.
-There we go. Okay.
-I told you--
-Just for a second.
Why are you holding him
like a bag of potatoes?
-Take him!
-No!
-I don't know how to hold him!
-Come here, son.
He hates me. That's what it is.
You just need to bond.
How can I ever count on you otherwise?
I get it, but we gotta
share the responsibilities.
I can't do everything.
-A little each.
-Sure.
I'll put the bags on the roof.
Anna, Peppe. What are you doing?
Are you moving out too?
Ah, Vito. They made us a good offer.
Almost half of what we paid.
That's not so good.
-They asked us too, but we aren't selling.
-But how can you stay?
First the cockroach infestation,
then the drainage issues.
Now the city's saying
the building could collapse.
Oh well, what can we say? Good luck.
Good luck, Anna. Good luck, Peppe.
Bye, Anna. Bye, Peppe.
You guys need luck more than we do.
Thank you.
-Jesus, she's making me anxious.
-She's jinxing us.
Right, honey?
That leak's gotten worse.
Get the umbrella.
That guy from city hall is back.
Again!
Good morning, sir.
Good morning.
Don't worry.
That crack has been here
since my grandfather built the place.
And it looks like nobody's done
any maintenance to it since.
Goodbye. Have a good day!
Come on. Let's go.
At least Luigino
is still on the second floor.
We're all good.
We're all good?
-Here we go.
-We're home. See, honey?
-Guys.
-Hey, Luigino.
Can I leave Gennarino with you?
I can't take him to my new place.
Where are we gonna put him?
Hang on. Are you leaving too?
Why don't you guys leave too?
This place is full of problems.
Luigino, we grew up here. We're staying.
All right.
Don't count on Uncle to help us.
He'll get tired.
The door.
You go. I'm lying down.
Can you at least open the door?
Can you do something?
-Take your time.
-Whatever.
Who is it?
Morning.
-Morning.
-Who is it?
-Letter for Antonello Esposito.
-It's the mailman!
-Then say, "The mailman."
Again?
Jesus Christ.
What is it?
Just a fine. I'll pay it later.
-But you lost your license six months ago.
-And they keep on coming.
Let me see.
Hold on, honey. Put these on.
-Do you understand what this says?
-What?
This place is going to auction
in less than a month. What did you do?
Why do you always think
everything is my fault?
I mean--
Tell me why, then.
Look. I'm gonna go lie down
for a bit, okay?
Listen to me, half-wit.
Courts don't just take
people's homes for no reason.
Anything you need to tell me?
What can I say?
See if this has anything to do with it.
-You didn't even open them?
-I was too scared to.
You were too scared?
-Oh.
-Yeah.
Okay. Let's see
who you should be scared of.
"De Leonardi Company."
Who are these guys?
Hey!
-It says you owe them 50,000 euros.
-As if!
Now do you get
why this place is going to auction?
FORECLOSURE
"Debt contracted
with the De Leonardi company?"
-What the fuck have I done?!
-How the fuck do I know?! You tell me!
What can I say, Vito?
I don't know who they are.
Some guys asked me to find some frontmen.
People already registered
as property owners,
so they wouldn't seem too sketchy.
They paid us 500 euros a month.
Your brother and I split it.
I didn't know they'd take your house.
It seemed like a low-risk arrangement.
A low-risk arrangement?
Since when is fronting low-risk?
-Well…
-So being a front isn't low-risk?
No, it isn't low-risk, Salvatore!
-All right.
-I didn't know.
-Antoné, we have to talk to De Leonardi.
-How?
We can explain what you two did.
I've done all that I can.
I mentioned that you were here,
but the sales director
and Mr. De Leonardi are out.
-Only his daughter's here.
-That's fine.
But her first available appointment
is in six weeks.
-Six weeks?!
-No. We need to speak to her now.
I wouldn't today. She has her hair up.
That means she's on edge.
In the six months I've been here,
I've never seen her hair down.
So basically,
she's been pissed off for six months.
Don't be dramatic.
She's just a bit on edge.
They're all workers, employees.
So I'm always in the office,
even when I've got a 38-degree fever,
and you can't even manage
to send an email?
I mean, there are five of you!
You've had eight hours,
and you haven't even managed
to send a damn email!
-She's a bit stressed.
-Just a bit.
I want those documents on my desk
by tomorrow morning!
That's her.
-Thanks. We got that. Her photo…
-There's a…
-Come on!
-Where are you going?
Her hair's up. She's on edge.
We're in trouble! We have to talk to her.
-We'll lose our home if we don't!
-Her hair is up.
Yes.
You forgot something.
Thank you. I'm sorry.
-Look what you made me do.
-Very kind of you.
This isn't the time.
Let's go. Excuse us. Sorry.
That's her car! Run!
Our scooter's been stolen!
The scooter's over there.
When she stops, we'll tell her.
I hope she understands.
Yeah. They'll see the baby
and stop the auction.
Don't worry, Napoleon.
We'll get it all sorted.
They're going that way. Stay on them.
Let's go.
There they are.
This way, ma'am.
DE LEONARDI FOUNDATION CHARITY EVENT
A photo, please.
-Check this place out.
-Good evening. Evening.
-Good evening.
-They're taking our photo, honey.
-Look. They're taking our photo.
-There.
Excuse me. We have a baby.
Just a moment. Pardon me.
-Good evening.
-Evening.
-Your names?
-Sorrentino.
-…tino!
-It's not on the list.
-What?
-It should be. Look carefully.
-You aren't on the list.
-I'm sorry. We were lying.
-Really?
We need to talk to De Leonardi.
It'll only take a second.
-You have to leave.
-Please. We'll be quick.
-Please step aside.
-We'll be really--
-This isn't your night.
-Please.
Where are your manners?
-Such a noble initiative.
-Thank you.
But really, it's all down
to my daughter Marina.
I don't know how she runs the foundation
while being the best in the company.
She's currently working on a hotel.
It's more than just a building.
It's an experience.
It's just the first step
of a much bigger plan
to redevelop an entire area, right?
That's the ambition, yes.
But without Mr. Spagnoli,
it'd be nothing more
than a project on my computer.
No, I just handle
the administrative and financial side.
These two are gonna steal my seat
and give me a grandchild,
so I can finally retire.
-I'll believe that when I see it.
-You'll see.
-We'll leave you to it.
-Yes, see you later.
-Go ahead.
-Good evening.
-Evening.
They're letting everyone in but us.
No wonder they won't let us in.
You look like a burglar in those glasses.
A burglar!
Now what do we do?
I've got an idea. Come with me! Follow me!
You want to talk to her? Humor me.
Fine. Just don't make another scene.
-Hi, guys.
-Hi.
-My brother's with me.
-No worries.
-I'm with him.
-Go on. Bye.
Yes!
Go on.
Wow, look at this place.
Jesus. What is this, a wedding?
Look at all this stuff.
Look at that.
Listen, take Napoleon for a second.
-No. I don't know how.
-Go on.
-I'll sort this out.
-I make him cry.
He's not crying.
He'll calm down. Hold him properly.
-Let's go--
-Look what Uncle found!
The carousel.
-Hey!
-Be careful.
The carousel! Look!
There she is, Antoné.
Antoné.
Antoné!
-Hey.
-Come here.
-Look how elegant she is.
-Beautiful.
-And she likes poor people too.
-They've put on a show.
And look, the Indian kid, the stuff…
-I'm gonna go talk to her.
-And say what?
I'll say, "Ms. De Leonardi,
we've been scammed."
-Yes.
-"It's not your fault."
-No.
-Hopefully she'll feel sorry for us.
-We're good at that.
Go on! Go! What's wrong?
Napoleon…
Oh fuck, Napoleon!
Napoleon!
Excuse me! Napoleo--
It's fine. Thank you.
Dear God, the hotel
is all my dad is talking about.
Sorry. Excuse me.
We haven't even signed
with the investors yet.
He gave us the hotel project
to test us, didn't he?
We're gonna show him
that he can retire peacefully.
All good.
Yes, but this is a charity event.
Can't he forget about work
for five minutes?
Excuse me.
Nothing?
Marina, we have to focus
on our goal right now.
Come on. Focus.
-Focus.
-Napoleon!
Antoné!
Excuse me.
Excuse me. Just a moment.
Come on, honey.
What are you doing? Daddy found you.
-Oh my God!
-Daddy found you!
-I'll never leave you again!
-Why was a baby there?
-Thank you.
-Look where he was!
Good evening, ma'am--
I'm such a buffoon!
I'm sorry, ma'am.
I'm always causing trouble.
I am mortified, ma'am. Are you hurt?
No.
What the hell did you do? Come here.
I'm sorry. No, everything's fine.
Is it stained, ma'am?
-You think?
-Yes.
It's fine.
-What the hell did you do?
-Nothing.
They're a family of assholes.
They don't even see people like us.
It's impossible to talk to them.
So what do we do?
Lose the house and all our stuff?
I'm going to work.
Because I've always earned
what little I have.
Try to fix this, Antoné.
You created it,
so you have to fix it. Got it?
Go back in and talk to her!
Come on.
We'll just sit here a while, okay?
That way, Daddy can do what he needs to.
Do you like your bed? Come on.
There we go. Good boy.
Look what Daddy's got now.
Look what I've got for you.
Traviata or Rigoletto?
Rigoletto. You're so cute, sweetie!
I knew I could unlock it!
Look at all this wealth.
It's disgusting. Oh my God.
Charity.
Charity…
I've found the solution! I'm a genius!
Hey, Vito.
-Is it just you? Am I disturbing you?
-Why are you here?
So…
Whose phone is that?
Don't get mad.
It's that De Leonardi chick's.
-You're such a dick. Why'd you take it?
-It was instinct.
An instinct for nonsense!
You're such a tool!
Go and give her
her phone back right now, please.
What if I were to say that I wanted
my foundation to fund charity projects?
What if I were to say you were wasted?
That's what she wrote
at 5:45 p.m. on February 26th.
I've been going through her phone.
-You told me to find a solution.
-Yes.
I found one.
This is a woman who gives
10,000 euros a year to a dog shelter.
She gives to charity
to clear her conscience.
Because she's too fortunate, you know?
So we need to get a nice, big donation
from her too. Understand?
But to get her to hand over the big bucks,
we need to gain her trust.
Her trust. Right.
You do realize we can't screw up anymore?
This phone has a location tracker.
Take it back!
I turned off the GPS,
did a backup, everything.
But just listen to me.
She studied in London.
She's back in Naples, but always working.
She hasn't got any friends.
And that's where you come in.
She hasn't got any friends,
but she's got a nice boyfriend.
A nice boyfriend!
Federico Spagnoli. Born in Naples in 1991.
Her dad's right-hand man.
You should read their messages.
Nothing but work. Dead boring!
-Vito.
-Yeah?
We know everything. Look.
Lives with her dad.
House-hunting with Federico.
Gets up at six. Does yoga twice a week.
She's crazy about Mengoni.
We can use this to get close to her.
She'll trust us
and give us the money we owe her dad.
-Antonello--
-No, don't call me that.
-That's your name. What should I call you?
-That's what they call me in court.
Say "Antoné,"
or "Antó,"
or even "Lello."
No, not Lello.
I don't think anyone takes
guys called Lello seriously.
Lello,
this all sounds like crap.
Vito.
-Vito!
-Who is it?
Good morning. Coffee?
-Coffee?
-Yes.
Take it. It's hot.
-Tuesday, the rich--
-This again?
She's going to view a house.
It's the perfect opportunity to meet her.
I said no!
I'm done with women
after that bitch left me with Napoleon.
-Was that the door?
-What time is it?
Who rang?
Social services! Get Napoleon!
-I have to get Napoleon?
-Put him in a nice outfit!
Yeah, he's awake. Coming!
Sorry, it's a bit of a mess.
The cleaning lady's coming soon.
-One!
-Come in.
Come in. This way.
Two!
We're doing some psychomotor exercises
with the baby. It helps him.
Napoleon, honey.
Hello. Good morning.
Good morning.
That's why he's doing that.
A little psychomotor activity to help him…
It's theatrical. To aid creativity.
Exactly. To give him
a greater understanding…
-Greater. Yes.
-In life.
A bit of personality.
-And learn how to say no.
-Yes, and about himself in the world.
There you go.
-There.
-And work?
So? Have you found anything better?
Well, sir… I'm looking. I'm really trying.
Vito, getting full custody is a big deal.
Shouldn't it be a good thing
that he wants to look after the kid?
Especially since what's-her-name
went back to Norway.
Vito, the baby needs prospects, stability,
and a part-time, under-the-table job
doesn't guarantee him that.
-I know.
-We've noted your commitment.
Owning a home plays a big part
in gaining custody.
Nobody could take this place, right?
Sure. Who's gonna take it?
Right, Antoné?
-It's ours.
The final court hearing is in a month.
Let's try not to give the judge
any bad news.
-No.
-Have a good day.
Thank you, ma'am.
I know the way, thank you.
When is that rich lady
viewing the house again?
Tuesday.
Hand me the first one.
It's too much.
I like it, but it's way too much.
The sleeves are too short.
Too preppy.
-How do I look? Too flashy?
-Your tattoo shouldn't be showing.
-It's nice, but--
-You've got to cover it.
-I get it. Why shout?
-It's too street.
-A Peppino di Capri suit.
-Worse than the last one.
HOW YOU CAN HELP
"Water nonprophit." Prophit…
-"Profit." How did you spell it?
-I spelled it right.
You have to pass for a rich guy.
To give it that touch of… you know?
Would you wear that?
-I would.
-I wouldn't.
-Put me next to them.
-Here?
Next to him. All three of us together.
TUESDAY, 2:00 P.M.
APARTMENT VIEWING PIAZZA DEI MARTIRI
Major charities?
Emergency, UNICEF, WWF, Legambiente,
Doctors Without Borders, Greenpeace.
Good job!
Amazing!
When do you change Napoleon's diaper?
Whenever it stinks.
-Whenever I smell shit?
-Good.
"Everyone you meet is fighting a battle
you know nothing about."
-"Be kind."
-That's written on her breakfast mug.
-Yes.
-It's by Pluto.
Yeah, Mickey Mouse! Plato!
Whatever. Pluto, Plato. Same thing.
Mandela quote?
"I believe in humans
who have courage to be human."
That was Mengoni!
Jesus. Mengoni, Mandela, Pluto…
I can't keep up.
No, you've got to study!
No! There we go.
Carlo?
-You're Carlo! If I call you, look at me!
-Why are you yelling?
Because you aren't looking at me!
-Can't my name be Vito?
-No!
Vito is the name of her dog
that got run over.
-Wanna be associated with a tragic death?
-And her crossing herself?
Better not.
Accosting her in a broken-down elevator
sucks as an idea. Just saying.
-You feed him.
-Napoleon has to go to the pediatrician.
I'll take him. But you've got to trust me.
The elevator is a magical place.
You'll share an emotion,
be bonded by an experience. You know?
No doubt she'll start laughing.
-"We're stuck!"
-"We're gonna get so sweaty!"
Can you stop fooling around? "Sweaty…"
Seriously. I mean,
it'll break the ice, you know?
You can tell her about our nonprofit,
the charity project.
But you've got to loosen up.
I am Carlo.
-I'm Carlo.
-There you go.
This is gonna be a disaster.
-They're here.
-It'll all be fine.
Don't worry. I'll look after the baby.
Excuse me. It's an emergency.
Can you please hold the baby for a second?
I'll be right back. I just need to…
Sure, he'll calm down with strangers.
-Hello?
-Who is this?
-Federico Spagnoli?
-Speaking. Who is this?
Michelangelo Caputo, Naples Fire Chief.
What's going on?
It's an evacuation, ma'am. Get out.
I'll be right there.
It was the fire department. They said
there's a gas leak in my building.
You go. I'll keep you updated.
Oh, Marí? Remember, pending charges,
occupancy status, energy certificate,
installations pre- or post-2011,
and lighting.
-Marí, lighting.
-Lighting. Bye.
Okay, he's gone. Let's go.
Excuse me! Hold the elevator, please!
Thank you.
Yes.
No, I was saying that
the village well
has to be finished within the month.
Of course. People are gonna
die of thirst otherwise. Yeah.
Exactly.
Our foundation covered all costs.
There's no problem.
Elevator…
I think the elevator is this one!
-I don't believe this.
-Don't worry. It's all under control.
What's wrong?
What's going on?
I don't know. But I think
we'll be back on our way soon.
Nothing.
-Do you have service?
-Sorry?
-Service?
-Oh, do I have service? I'll check.
No, I don't.
What do you mean?
You were just on the phone.
I get that, but how should I know?
I did earlier. Now I don't.
Is anyone there?!
Help!
-We may as well make friends. I'm Carlo.
-Don't talk. It wastes oxygen.
Anyway, I'm sure this--
-Don't touch anything! Don't move!
-Good Lord.
Listen, I'm claustrophobic.
So, just stay quiet. Don't breathe.
I'll try to relax
until someone arrives, okay?
Okay.
Sorry, but how does one not breathe?
That is absurd.
I don't know about you,
but I'm always on the go.
I never stop.
Sometimes we're so wrapped up in ourselves
that we don't see who's in front of us.
This should happen more often.
Something stops us, we look inside--
-I think I'm having a panic attack.
-What?
-I'm having a panic attack!
-Calm down.
You know why I'm calm?
Because even if we don't make it out,
with all my good deeds, I'll go to heaven.
Volunteering, charity work,
all that stuff.
Actually, if I may--
Shut up, for fuck's sake!
No, but I don't get it.
You knew everything about her
except that she's claustrophobic?
How was I meant to know?
So if someone stole your phone,
they'd know little old ladies
in floral dresses scare you?
Come on!
And I'm the idiot? She won't bite!
I know, but she came out of nowhere.
I still don't get what happened.
I mean, help me understand. I just want…
So you didn't even manage
to show her the website or anything?
You don't get it. The website?
She was trying to strangle me!
I worked so hard on the design.
A little appreciation, please!
This whole thing is a disaster.
We look like idiots.
Come on, Vito! Don't give up!
There's got to be a way!
Antoné?
Yeah?
Are you sure
these aren't prescription glasses?
My eyes are stinging.
I don't know. Maybe a little.
Are you an idiot? That can do damage!
She's wearing her hair down here.
And here.
See? You like it.
-Mom, this sauce…
-Vito!
-Yeah?
-Come here.
Look, she has her hair down.
Well, of course she's happy
in a house like that.
It's not about the house.
I mean, she's usually pissed by default.
-What is she doing here?
-She's cooking.
Cooking, right! And here! And there!
And I'm making milk. So?
She must really like
this cooking thing. You know?
When she can't sleep,
she watches Master Chef.
If Federico suggests
they go to some restaurant,
she's all smiles, tons of happy emojis.
Yeah, I get it. She likes to eat. So?
I lure her in with a sandwich
like she's a seagull?
No.
-But what do you have that others don't?
-A sense of dread and terror.
Well, that too.
But I was thinking about the restaurant.
I'm the lowest asshole there, Antoné.
-But she doesn't know that.
-Yeah.
So?
You already finished a pack!
Why do you eat the baby's stuff?
What size are you?
Take a deep breath. Exhale,
stick your tongue out, and look up.
It's done.
Upsy-daisy! There.
All this effort,
and we're not even stealing it!
There we go. Yes.
-Municipal Police. How can I help you?
-Hello? Yes, good evening.
Sorry to bother you,
but my sense of civic duty compels me
to report a car that's parked
in a designated handicap space.
Following people is illegal.
Well, maybe you're the one following me.
What are you doing?
You think it's okay
to interrupt a class like this?
I've never seen you before in my life,
and now I run into you twice in a week.
You've obviously never done yoga,
so don't tell me you're here by chance.
Well, maybe it's fate. What can I say?
You know, there's this mysterious force
that makes people meet sometimes.
Some call it "God," others "fate."
And some call it--
"Stalking." It's called "stalking."
Come on! Choose your words carefully.
Do you really think
I was dying to see you again
after you nearly killed me
in the elevator?
Not sure if you remember…
I just got back to Naples
after ten years abroad.
I've got my nonprofit projects
keeping me up at night.
So excuse me if I want to wind down
with a bit of yoga, all right?
If it's a problem, I'll change studios.
-Yes, good.
What a pain in the ass.
"Be kind. A battle…"
Although…
-Sh.
-No!
You know, everyone you meet
is fighting a battle
you know nothing about.
Be kind.
I've never parked in a handicap spot!
You bring my car back right now!
But--
-These guys are nuts. I have no words.
-Everything okay?
No! They towed my car for no reason,
and I can't get it back until tomorrow.
They'll make anything up
for extra money these days.
Why is it that whenever you're around,
something happens? Are you a jinx?
Maybe it's karma for treating me badly.
Are you calling the police?
No, I need a taxi.
Well, good luck.
A taxi in Naples at this hour?
Please hold.
Your call is being put through…
I can give you a ride.
I don't take rides from strangers.
Well, what are strangers anyway?
Just friends you haven't met yet.
Wait, let me get this straight.
Do you only speak in quotes?
Do you want a ride or not?
If something bothers you,
you can always strangle me again.
An operator will be with you shortly.
So, after volunteering in Senegal,
I went to Ghana first, then the Gambia.
I only really came back to Naples
to take my political science exams.
Where did you study?
What?
I said, "Where did you study?"
In London and Berkeley.
Berkeley, nice!
Yeah, but I missed Naples.
Why did you leave?
My dad insisted, so I left.
I work for him now. I don't know
if you know the De Leonardi company.
No, I don't. Is it a big company?
Well, yeah.
Never heard of it.
Sorry, isn't this the long way around?
Yes, if you don't mind.
I just need to stop by my restaurant.
Caritas is coming to pick up some food.
But I have to go home!
You want to keep Caritas waiting?
Can you please pass me those eggplants?
They look good.
Of course they're good.
You think I'd give them bad food?
Poverty isn't a crime.
No, of course not!
Look, I do charity work too.
Really?
Can you manage?
Thank you, Carlo. You're an angel!
I don't know what we'd do without you!
When someone is fortunate,
sharing is a duty.
Thank you.
I'll be off, then.
Miss.
Give me a moment.
Salvatore.
Bring those back in three hours. Got it?
-And I counted them.
-A little trust wouldn't hurt.
Trust…
What do you have in here?
This is trust, is it?
Look, Vito, I can't help it!
What can I do with this? Here, take it.
-Thanks, Carlo!
-You're welcome.
Done.
Oh yeah, I wanted to show you something.
This is Amidi and Katou.
That's me with them.
Look how cute they are.
I left a piece of my heart there.
The truth is,
we don't realize how lucky we are.
I mean, even if we donated
just a small part of what we have,
what would it change for us?
But for them,
it could solve so many problems.
-Right?
-Yes, that's nice. Really nice.
But can you take me home now?
-Come on.
-Of course. Sure.
Oh, Marina! Sorry!
I don't know about you, but I'm starving.
Want to grab a quick bite?
-No, Carlo. I have to go home.
-Go on. Something quick.
You can't ask me a question
and ignore the answer!
-Your answers are predictable.
-Sorry?
From the fuss you made
over accepting a ride,
you clearly never do anything spontaneous.
I bet you've already set your alarm
for the morning,
booked your vacation for next summer,
and you schedule dinners
with your boyfriend in your calendar.
Am I wrong?
How do you know I have a boyfriend?
How do I know?
Well, I know because…
because for people like you,
love and work are top priorities.
-You're probably house-hunting together.
-What do you mean, "people like me"?
I'm not that predictable.
-Oh really?
-Really.
So if I asked you to make some pasta,
it wouldn't be out of the question?
Yes, but I get to choose the pasta.
Now, that's the spirit!
"She's making eggplant…"
Just eat it, Daddy!
Eat it. It won't kill you.
Have we gotta do everything?
Do you think
a splash of white wine
would go well with this?
Well, you know…
Come on, let's experiment.
When I was little, my mom and I
loved making up new dishes.
We ended up
with a book of recipes this thick.
Is that so?
She has to try this pasta, then.
She died two years ago.
I'm sorry. I didn't know.
Come here.
Try this.
It looks great.
Wow. We should put this on the menu!
-You think it's that good?
-I swear. It's delicious.
You know what? Wait here.
Let me see. There we go.
Now you're perfect.
THE SHIP
RESTAURANT
Why didn't you tell me her mom is dead?
-You made me look like a jerk.
-You would've gotten soft.
We need to be like ruthless ninjas.
No remorse.
What ruthless ninjas, Antoné?
You can't even talk to her.
I was about to tell her about the charity,
and she just up and left.
Ran like you do when you see a police car.
When? I never run away!
Will you stop messing around? Come here!
What are you doing?
Are you stupid?
But you were right, you know?
-About the cooking.
-I know.
When she was cooking,
she almost seemed nice.
I mean, even the spaghetti she made…
She just threw it together,
but it was good.
-Well…
-I can't explain it.
You don't have to explain it.
We're not doing a tasting.
I need to find the right time
to ask her for a donation.
People make rash decisions
when they're happy.
-Is she free for lunch on Wednesday?
-Why?
The restaurant is closed on Wednesdays.
A "Carlo" is insisting on talking to you.
He's called three times.
Should I put him through?
Yes. Yes, put him through.
Francesco?
-Can you remove these partitions?
-Sure.
These are…
-Hello?
-Hi, Marina. It's Carlo.
Listen, I'm sorry to bother you at work.
What are you doing?
Calling to apologize for calling?
No, I was just being polite.
Listen. I'm hosting a charity event
at the restaurant on Wednesday.
And since that spaghetti yesterday
was so good,
I was wondering if you'd like to cook.
No, Carlo, I…
I've never cooked for so many people.
And I really don't have the time.
Marina, I'm screwed.
It's a disaster. My chef broke his arm.
Both of his arms.
He's basically a vegetable.
It's a tragedy.
I wouldn't ask otherwise.
Do you remember the project I mentioned?
The water system in the Gambia?
If I don't manage to raise more money,
they're gonna shut it all down.
Well, I mean, it would be nice, actually…
But…
Thank you.
I can't.
I'm really sorry.
I'm not the right person.
Listen, I don't know you,
but from the little I've seen,
you're always in a rush.
Know what my granddad used to say?
That the best things in his life
were always unexpected.
I've met you a couple of times,
and you're always pissed.
Well, not pissed, but tense.
But when you were cooking yesterday,
even with the smell of garlic and onions,
you seemed relaxed.
You even cracked a smile at one point.
And these days, a smile is no small thing.
In a moment, you might
find yourself in intensive care,
and suddenly regret
all the times you said no.
Excuse me, Marina?
Listen, Carlo.
I have to go, okay?
So good luck.
Bye.
What the fuck was that?!
Hey! Who was that on the phone?
It was nothing.
Someone asked me
to be the chef for a charity event.
Just a guy
who runs a charity organization.
What did you say?
No. I said no.
No. Right.
-But--
-Come on, Marina!
We need to focus on the hotel right now.
I'm even working nights
to get everything sorted.
Which is fine, of course.
But you can't waste time
playing Master Chef
Charity Edition!
Come on!
Focus!
Excuse me.
This came a short while ago.
YOU FORGOT THIS
CARLO
Mom, this sauce can be used tomorrow.
Yeah, that way,
Dad can gain another three kilos.
Hey, Mom. Let's cut it.
It smells good!
So good!
I can't sleep. You?
Ever seen anyone
sleep with their eyes open?
I think some animals
sleep with their eyes open.
Horses, I think.
What are you on about?
They sleep standing up.
Hey!
-Yeah?
-Look.
-No!
-Look at this.
-Oh my God!
-She said yes!
You're a genius
of international proportions!
-International!
-She said yes!
-No!
The budget…
Wait, I can't carry everything!
FIRST COURSE
MAIN COURSE
-Look at this bottle.
-Okay.
-Look.
-It's the same one as before. Yes.
It's almost empty.
I say we drink the last drop.
Go for it.
You're out of your mind.
Marina.
Goddamn it. I don't believe this.
A serenade was all we needed.
No!
I've never seen one!
Marina!
A glass for you, miss.
I had to leave the car like that.
Do you understand?
No, thanks. As if I had accepted.
-But it's champagne!
-Okay. Thanks.
Why are you always so stressed?
I'm stressed?
Well, yeah!
-Can I tell you something?
-Yes.
You're a bit of a drag at times.
-Really?
-Yes.
-Drink!
-No, I'll drink. You won't.
-Sorry! Did you hit your head?
-Yes.
Wow! Just a small studio apartment.
There was a step there.
-Where is your bedroom, Marina?
-At the end, on the right!
-You know…
-Don't shout.
If my father sees you,
there'll be hell to pay.
You laugh, but let's make sure he doesn't.
One, two, three.
Okay. All right.
Come on, let's take this off.
And my shoes.
And your shoes. Okay. Sure.
One,
two.
I'll speak to you tomorrow, okay?
Carlo!
Did you call me?
What's up?
-I wanted to tell you…
-Yes?
I had fun tonight.
Good night.
Speak to you tomorrow, okay?
-Carlo?
-What?
Damn!
Marina? Have you seen Marina?
-Morning.
Listen, we just have to finish this,
and then we can take a break, okay?
Okay.
We can make them au gratin.
Mirrored!
I mean,
the ceilings.
The hotel's ceilings.
-We can make them--
-Mirrored.
I'm gonna make some coffee.
I was up until…
until late.
Working on the project.
Marina? Will you tell me
what's going on, please?
No, nothing. I'm just tired.
Is there anything I can do to help?
You know I'm always here for you, right?
Yes.
Yes, I know.
Listen, I was thinking.
Why don't we go out for dinner tonight,
just the two of us?
Total relaxation.
Maybe we can take a look
at a few house listings, get a head start.
I'm staying in to finish the rendering.
-We'll fall behind otherwise.
-But we can--
And I think we should put
the house-hunting on hold for now.
-No!
-Just for now.
So we can save our energy, you know?
You're always saying that.
Focus!
If we don't catch any fish,
no lunch tomorrow.
I thought we'd be buying the fish,
not catching them.
-Really?
-Really.
Why? Isn't this better?
Pass me that line.
Sorry, isn't he the guy from Caritas?
Him, the guy from Car--
No, that's Mirko. They're brothers. Twins!
I'm Mirko.
-And I really can't stand poor people.
-Nice. Hand me the line.
-I, Mirko, am giving him the line.
-The line!
-Go on. Bye, Mirko. Thanks.
-We'll get arrested out here.
Why did he say he hates the poor?
He's just joking.
He's a prankster. He's a jokester.
Maybe you should drive.
-Are you nuts?
-It's easy. The open sea. Nobody around.
Yeah, the captain of the Titanic
said the same.
-Go ahead, Captain.
-No, Carlo!
I let go. Go on.
Diaper change! Yeah!
Come on. Settle down.
Just calm down a bit.
You've been crying for two hours.
That way we can get some rest.
Oh, come on!
Oh, you're burning up.
Wow. You're like a little furnace.
What do I do now?
Hang on. Go ahead. Take this.
Now pass me that buoy.
Can you manage? Come on.
Well done.
And now?
What do we do?
Now nothing. We wait.
I forgot that you aren't used to waiting.
It's your brother. The handsome one.
Pick up, Vito!
How am I going to get rid
of the stench of fish?
Fishermen usually use seawater.
Seawater?
Marina!
She's not right in the head.
Are you nuts?
It's freezing!
Wash up. You stink too!
-Oh, I stink?
-Yeah!
No!
So, are you ready to head back?
I'm not really in the mood
to go back to the office.
No?
We won't head back, then.
You're the boss.
You can do whatever you want.
It's not that simple.
-Can I tell you something?
-Sure.
Sometimes it seems like life chose you,
not the other way around.
We can't always do what we want.
Can't we?
Get that dog out of here! I've got a baby!
Can you manage?
Of course I can manage.
-Where do I put it?
-On top.
Vit-- Holy… What's his name?
Carlo!
Antonello!
-What are you doing here?
-I called you 200 times!
I was out at sea with her.
Why did you call? You brought the baby?
-It's an emergency.
-What's the emergency?
Napoleon has a fever of 37.2.
-What? 37.2?!
-Yes!
-Why?
-How should I know?
Ah. See? He's got a new tooth coming in.
It's normal to have a fever.
How would I know? Oh yeah!
That tooth wasn't there before.
Right. Hand me that tissue.
Couldn't you have told me it was a tooth?
-Sure! What, "Uncle, I'm teething"?
-Well, he could've let me know.
Don't make me look like an idiot.
Surprise! Here we are.
Hi.
Look, Antonello. See?
When he's sore from teething,
just take a piece of ice,
and just rest it on the tooth where…
See? It's normal for him
to have a bit of a fever.
Well, how was I supposed to know?
Well, then, sorry.
-Carry on--
-See you later.
What's wrong, honey?
We're here.
A fever.
He's my colleague.
He's my son's babysitter.
He's got a bit of a cough. What's up?
What else don't I know about you?
Well, this is definitely
the most important thing.
Right, Napoleon?
You named him Napoleon?
Of course. He needed a strong name.
So that's how you start
putting pressure on kids!
Napoleon, I feel for you.
Look! What's this, son?
And his mom?
Well, his mom was young.
At first, she was smitten.
When things got complicated,
she freaked out and…
and here we are.
Didn't you freak out
when things got complicated?
I was shitting myself.
But…
But?
Can you be half an hour late to work?
Is that a yes? Yes?
What do you say, Napoleon?
-He said yes.
-He did?
Yes.
I remember when his mom told me
she was expecting Napoleon.
I thought it was such a big deal.
That I wouldn't be able to cope.
So I came here.
This place brings peace.
It's called The Seven Works of Mercy.
Think about Caravaggio
standing in front of this blank canvas.
Imagine how scared he was.
He probably thought, "Now what?"
"What if it turns out terrible?"
But he found the courage,
and stroke by stroke,
he created this masterpiece.
In the end, it all depends on us.
Not all, unfortunately.
But a lot of things do.
Nothing. She's not answering me either.
I don't know what's up with her recently.
She's stressed out about the hotel.
How's it going, by the way?
Well, what can I say?
It's going great.
In a week, that eyesore will be gone,
and our work can begin.
An empty building
right in the city center.
You did well. I've got to give you credit.
Pull out the underpass, please.
Look what I've got!
Your toys, little one.
Here you go. Play.
Where were you?
Where was I?
We went for a walk.
It was a long night.
You think!
Vito, you don't actually like her?
-What? Are you kidding?
-Because we've got a plan to stick to.
The lunch is today.
We can't afford any slip-ups.
It's as if the guy who had to kill Hitler
suddenly fell in love with him.
-The fuck kind of comparison is that?
-Oh, it fits.
I'm going to have some coffee. I'm tired.
You've got everything
under control, right?
Yep, all good.
Marina's not gonna notice
the millionaires are unemployed?
She won't notice a thing.
We'll use this. This one works.
This one needs to be finished.
No! Eugenio! Get that Dior shirt off!
The D's the wrong way around!
And it's like a dress on you! Put this on!
Peppina! No!
How many times have I told you? No curls.
Rich women get waves.
But I can't style them all the same way!
Rich women are all the same. Like a tribe.
No! You can't wear that jacket.
Sasà, an elegant jacket!
Already on it!
No, ma'am, please.
Let's avoid floral dresses.
My brother has a phobia.
No! Not that hat. Take it off!
You look like Pablo Escobar!
Damn it! I told you
to take off the glasses!
The hotel that Marina designed
truly captures the city's spirit,
blending the space into an organic form
with a flexible,
multifunctional structure.
-Everyone here!
-Over there!
-Listen up!
-Come on! Move it!
Come on!
Come on! Let's go over the plan.
Okay. At 1:00 p.m.,
the first-floor group will come in.
Five minutes later,
those on the second floor.
-All right!
-Then those on the third, and so on.
Oh, and very important!
What now?
-No dialect.
-What does that mean?
Don't speak in Neapolitan!
-Right!
-Okay!
…all designed
using eco-sustainable bio-construction.
And this is crucial. Speak silently!
-How do we speak silently?
-Yeah, how do we do that?
Let's do this.
Just don't talk at all. That's safer.
Marina can explain it better than I can.
I'm sorry, but I have to go.
But, Marina?
Mr. Spagnoli worked
on this project with me.
He can explain everything.
Again, my apologies.
Well, then. Mr. Spagnoli, let's continue.
Come on!
Come on, let's go!
What if I screw up?
Then you can always go back to fishing.
Come on, let's go. Quick!
We're here.
Hello.
The babysitter?
-Yes. He's a jack-of-all-trades.
-Yeah.
And I'm generous,
so I like to make myself available.
I like to help others.
And I've heard great things
about you, Chef.
Sorry, Carlo,
but is your son gonna stay like that?
Yeah. He's fine.
He's cool. He'll just sit
and play with the carrots.
-Yes.
-All right. Let's start.
You finish up here.
I cut the bread, prepped the veg.
-Keep an eye on Napoleon.
-Go on.
-Good luck, Chef!
-Make sure the service runs well!
Eugenio!
This isn't your house!
Here. Don't put your elbows on… Like this!
Napkin on your lap. Watch him!
Are you at home on the sofa?
-Good evening!
-Hey, Luigino!
Quiet! What's with the greetings?
Calm down!
-I'm just saying hello.
-Sit here. Carmen, here.
-Why are they all so quiet?
-What?
Think they don't like it?
No! She thinks-- Don't think that.
It's just manners, you know?
And shyness.
That's how they are.
But you'll see, they'll talk later.
-Don't worry.
-You're sure?
-Yes!
-Of course!
It's like you're all dead!
You've got to talk! Speak up a bit.
-What should we say?
-No! Too much!
Balance it out. Less here, more here.
-Antonello.
-Don't use my name! "Waiter!"
Sorry. We'd like
two more decomposed mille-feuilles.
"Decomposed"? Deconstructed!
And no, you can't.
Come on, Antonello, please.
-Don't move.
-Thank you.
Come stir the pasta.
That's what I'm here for.
Smell this.
It's so weird. I don't know anyone.
What do you mean, sorry?
It's just that you usually see
the same people at charity events.
Well, that's because people go
to charity events to be seen.
I'm not interested in those people.
But this place is full of good people
who like to do good on the down-low.
-It's ready.
-Excuse me!
It was so good. Can we get an encore?
Mr. Vitale, we'll bring it to you.
Antonello, make Mr. Vitale comfortable.
We've got it, Mr. Vitale. Don't you worry.
He liked it so much, he felt emboldened.
Have you lost your mind?
Do you think this is self-service?!
-No dessert for you!
-Please!
"Please" what? No dessert! Sit down!
-Antonello?
-Yes?
I'll have his dessert.
No, it's best you don't.
I'm doing it for you.
They're beautiful.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
-So you think they liked it?
-Of course! Too much, maybe. Right, honey?
I don't know.
-It just seems strange.
-What?
I'm gonna walk around the dining room
to see if they're happy.
No! Wait, Marina.
Listen to me. Better not.
These are private people. Come on.
Don't worry. I'll be discreet.
-Marina, I said no.
-What's wrong?
No, it's just that…
You've got a bit of…
I don't want you to be disappointed.
Okay? These people
don't show much enthusiasm.
-Carlo.
-Yes?
I'd always rather know the truth.
Quiet.
Hello.
How's it going, sir?
Go on!
Come on!
Wonderful!
It's your turn now.
Well, everyone.
I'd like to give you a brief introduction
to the Gambia water project,
before we move on to donations, of course.
But first, how about
another round of applause for our chef?
-Well done!
-Brava!
Thank you.
YOU FORGOT THIS
CARLO
All right, guys, we're off.
It's late. Napoleon needs his nap.
Isn't that right?
Bye, Antoné. See you at home. Thanks.
-Bye.
That was incredible.
So? Did it go well?
Yeah, sure.
Hey. What's wrong?
You do everything to make things work,
to do everything right.
But in the end,
something always goes wrong.
And the wrong people
always end up paying for it.
Wait.
You didn't manage
to raise everything you needed?
No.
All right, so?
You're gonna give up?
I don't know what else to do, Marina.
I gave it my all.
How much do you need?
-There they are. Antonello!
-Good morning!
Maybe we should go, Marina.
Yes.
Oh, joy!
What a mess.
I knew it. She won't give it to us?
She will.
Really? We did it!
We're a couple of geniuses!
We're prodigies, Napoleon!
-When is she giving it to us?
-Tomorrow morning.
So why do you look so down?
We can't take it, Antonello.
This has gotten out of hand.
"Out of hand"?
I can't do this to her.
Marina trusts me.
-Yes, that's the point.
-That is the point!
You do know we're out of time, half-wit?
The judge heard about the foreclosure.
If they take this place, we lose Napoleon.
Give me Napoleon. Come on, sweetie.
Give me the baby.
He needs some fresh air.
I said "half-wit,"
but you're a total idiot.
You want the truth, Antoné?
We thought we knew everything
about Marina.
But we were completely clueless.
Hi.
I need to…
I need to talk to you.
I need to talk to you too.
Vito!
You can't let another woman
screw you over!
That money means nothing to her!
It means everything to us!
What are you going to do?
Come here.
Come on.
When the social workers come
to take Napoleon,
we'll already be gone.
Far from here.
I go back to being Vito today.
This charade ends here.
Who the fuck are you?
Take the baby.
Marina, we were in trouble.
We tried to find a solution.
Was there…
anything real, Carlo?
Is that even your name?
How the fuck did I ever trust you?
Marina!
If you contact me again,
I'll call the police.
How did you let them scam you?
How could you be so naive?
And by those two lowlifes.
Your father doesn't need
to know about this, okay?
Maybe now we can focus
on doing what's right.
It's been in the works for seven years.
And the architecture,
in this city in particular…
Hey! Be careful.
Iceland?
We could open a fried food
and rum baba kiosk.
In Iceland?
It's fucking freezing.
You've got a point.
"Tallinn, flights from 19.90 euros."
Where the fuck is Tallinn?
Know what I say, Vito?
Who the fuck cares?
We'll find out when we land.
I've got a good feeling about Tallinn.
I like the name.
"Where do you live?"
"Oh, I've moved to Tallinn."
Aren't you feeling it?
Doesn't it sound nice?
I like it.
So, Napoleon, should we book it?
-Hey!
-Hey.
Did you see the chef?
They've bought our building. They want
to turn it into a deluxe five-star hotel.
Let me see.
It seems the De Leonardis
have had this hotel transformation
in the works for two years.
They're gonna demolish the building.
We're all pissed. We should make a fuss.
I told you to leave me alone.
Brava!
I wanted to congratulate you.
You decided you wanted our building
and did all you could to drive us out.
The rat infestation.
The drains.
And finally, the masterstroke.
The risk of collapse.
Very good.
In two years,
you managed to get everyone out.
Except for me and my brother.
What did you come up with then?
Scamming Antonello.
It takes talent to scam people like that.
And we aren't as good as you.
Great work, architect.
Coming with me?
No, I'm not quite done.
I'll call you later.
Permits, documents,
building…
What does "cleared" mean?
"Request for demolition,
safety inspection, Naples City Hall."
"Manager, Carmine Formisano."
CARMINE FORMISANO
NAPLES CITY HALL
What the fuck did you do, Federico?
I didn't steal anything from anyone.
They sold, and I bought.
The lucky ones at half the value.
Marina, I did it for us.
For the company. For the hotel.
No. You did it to pocket three million
and look good in front of my dad.
-Cut it out.
-What's going on?
Did you know the hotel building
isn't at risk of collapse?
What's all this?
-Calling it a "shit heap" would be kind.
-That's not true. You caused those issues.
Vittorio, please. I'm sure you understand.
This is the biggest deal
De Leonardi has ever done.
Tomorrow, someone I trust
will give us the demolition permit.
We'll demolish it and build our future.
No point throwing away years of work.
We all stand to gain.
No.
We're stopping this right now,
and you're gonna fix everything.
Hi, Giorgio.
Stay on the line for a second.
If this gets out, I won't go down alone.
The signatures aren't mine.
Dearest Giorgio!
Yes, of course. We're all set.
What does she want now?
Yes, I know.
We might hate each other,
but we have to work together.
Says who? You?
Do you want to save your building?
Yes.
-Hello.
-Wasn't he the guy who hates the poor?
I don't hate the poor. They made me--
Salvatore, shut up. The baby's sleeping.
Let's get started.
After the drain and cockroach issues,
Federico bribed a city official,
who falsely declared the risk of collapse.
I remember that prick.
He even pretended
to take measurements with that thing--
Good. Sit down.
So what happened?
Everyone decided to leave.
Except for you guys.
And so what did Federico do?
Go after the link that was…
-The weakest. I get it.
-The demolition is scheduled for tomorrow.
Federico wants to cover it up
by building the hotel.
This is a high-level plan, though.
I mean, I was just wondering.
Do you happen to know
if Federico offers training courses?
No, all jokes aside, this guy's good.
I don't know if you realized,
but she didn't notice a thing.
It's not her fault.
The poor thing was blinded by love.
Does it bother you that
you're not the only one who played me?
All right.
I'd just like to remind you
that we're in deep shit here.
We need to stick together.
-Tell her that.
-Tell him.
What is your brilliant idea, then?
I took inspiration from you
and checked Federico's schedule.
He rescheduled a meeting with the mayor
tomorrow at 11:00.
He'd only do that
if he had a more important meeting.
We're going to follow him.
Don't get too close. He'll recognize you.
Recognize me? You're wearing that dress!
What's wrong with this dress?
It's red. Very inconspicuous!
-Meaning?
-Hold on!
You could've told me
about all this before.
Maybe we could've fixed it sooner.
But you pretended to be someone else.
At least I knew
I was pretending to be someone else.
Move away!
Ma'am, please. You have to move.
What is he doing?
I've got no idea.
Fuck! There he is! Come here.
You know, I was thinking.
I think it'd be perfect
if we managed to take a video.
-But…
-A video?
From above,
because we can't see shit from here.
Understand?
Good idea!
-See? All the crap you say.
-Marí! Wait!
-Sometimes you get a good idea.
-Slowly. What crap? Take it easy!
-Climb up there!
-I have to climb?
Get a move on!
They're not gonna wait for us.
Wait a second.
Damn it.
I'm nearly there.
-Mind you don't fall!
-"Mind you don't fall" now!
-You can see everything here.
-Take the video!
-What?
I am. I'm getting my phone out.
Hi!
Hey, kid. What are you doing there?
I'm taking a video.
Yeah, all right.
Almost there.
What the fuck--
Kid!
What are you doing? Shooting?
Where's your mom? Did you eat her?
Hang on! I'll be right back.
-I'm gonna reload.
-Go on, don't forget!
Hold on.
There we go.
-Marina, I got it!
-We need to tell my father!
-They've exchanged documents, money.
-Record it!
Hey! Thief!
Oh God! An old lady in a floral dress!
-Ma'am!
-My God, a thief!
-Now there's an old woman.
-Ma'am--
-Get down, you hear me?
-I'm not a thief!
-Ma'am!
-Get out of here!
Be careful! He'll fall…
-Oh God!
-Jesus! What have I done?
What's wrong? What happened?
Nothing.
There was a thief.
But I already killed him.
-You wish, ma'am.
-Is your phone broken?
No, it's here.
Oh God, it hurts. Everything hurts.
I told you to be careful.
My thighs, my stomach, my kidneys! Jesus!
But don't worry, okay?
Hold on a second.
Do you know why I didn't break anything?
Because I'm wearing my helmet. See?
What the fuck are you doing here?
-I should be asking you that.
-Are you following me?
I wanted to see how you work, since
you did such a good job scamming everyone.
I thought we were on the same page.
About what exactly, Federico?
Because it's not like you ever
asked my opinion on the important stuff.
Or am I wrong?
Marina!
You've never even been good
at deciding what's best for yourself,
let alone anything else.
That's true.
But now that I've started,
I already feel much better.
Take care, Federico. See you in court.
Stop! Stop it!
Stop!
Hey, Vito.
-You've become the perfect father.
-If you say so.
But "Uncle" is plenty.
These are yours.
Mine are blue.
Oh my God!
-You take them. It'll be quicker.
-Mine are the ones with the pacifier!
Marí.
We did it.
Do you really think
that makes everything okay between us?
You saved the company from disaster.
I just did what I thought was right.
And I want to keep doing it.
De Leonardi is you.
It's not me.
Miss, I still need to compliment you
on your mille-feuille.
I dream about it.
Are you the chef's father?
Yes…
I'll explain later, Dad.
But yes, this is my father.
-My compliments to you too.
-Thanks.
-Vito.
-Hey.
Take Napoleon. He wants his daddy.
Come on, sweetie.
There we go!
Come to Daddy, son.
Let's give your uncle a hug
for being so good, yeah?
Come here.
You remember Mom's recipe book?
Yeah, so?
Sorry to interrupt.
I just wanted to thank you.
Thank you, Mr. De Leonardi.
Thank you, Marí.
All right, let's go.
Come on.
Well? We did it.
To think we went to all that trouble
for this shit heap.
But I have missed it.
I missed it.
He's not even listening to me.
I can't find my phone.
Can you call it, please?
Certainly!
Vito, pick up! It's your brother.
The handsome one.
ANTO: MARINA, LISTEN TO THIS
You want the truth, Antoné?
We thought we knew
everything about Marina.
But we were completely clueless.
I can't take that money.
But all this fuss was still worth it.
I like Marina.
I like her, Antoné.
I like a rich, stylish woman
who speaks five different languages,
except mine.
Maybe that's why I like her.
Because,
despite the perfectly ironed shirts
and the fancy restaurants,
she's as messed up as I am.
But even though she's messed up,
she fights.
She fights with a strength
that wakes me up.
That makes me ask myself,
"What am I waiting for
to bring out my own strength?"
Marina brought me out of my shell.
Me, who was convinced
that nothing could do that.
But she managed it.
-How long until the sauce is ready?
-Ten minutes.
I came to give you your phone back.
I'm not a thief like you.
Thank you.
She came to give me my phone back.
Is that the only reason you came?
No.
And to tell you
that you've got shit taste.
You don't like Mengoni.
You dress like you're 15.
And sorry,
but what's with
that drug dealer earring you wear?
Not to mention the crappy tattoos
that even tattoo artists
refused to do since the '90s.
Oh, and you like those movies
where everyone's shooting
and nothing makes sense.
Let me get this straight.
Did you come here
to tell me I disgust you?
Yes.
You don't disgust me.
She didn't come about the phone.
Vito, are there any stuffed peppers left?
There are two left!
I'll take them!
We called dibs!
What? I called dibs first!
Hey, calm down!
Send out a plate of broccoli rabe
to calm things down!
These two are about to go at it!
All right, get a move on!
Here's the pasta. Here you go.
How are we doing?
Well, we're basically out of everything.
We've got some eggplant parmigiana
and one braided mozzarella.
I told you to buy more stuff.
Calm down,
or I'll go back to working with my dad.
Honey, you know us poor folk eat a lot.
Man, that guy is such a cheapskate!
He didn't even leave me a tip,
and he asked me for a copy of the bill!
Did you give him one?
What am I, an accountant?
I don't deal with bills.
-I think we should get things in order.
-That's not a bad idea.
No, stop that. Get things in order?
The only order here is chaos.
Deconstructed restaurant.
That's it. End of story.
-I'll fire him, I swear.
-I agree, I swear.
Fire who? I'm an entrepreneur now.
-He's an entrepreneur.
-Fire me! Who's there?
Hello. A certified letter
for Antonello Esposito.
Who is it?
Just the mailman!
Then say, "The mailman."
Jesus, he's so annoying.
What is it?
-Just a fine. I'll pay it later.
-"A fine"?
-Show me.
-I said it's a fine. I'll explain later.
-Show me what it says.
-I'll tell you later. It's my business!
Show me!
Look!
The judge granted sole custody.
Oh my God!
Look.
-What are you saying?
-That's what it says.
This is the best news I've ever had.
Napoleon. We did it, sweetheart!
Are you happy? It's all over!
What's this?
No, nothing.
What is it?
I don't know, but I'm sure that…
It's not what it looks like.
I can explain.
You can explain, can you? Let's see.
"Dear Dr. Antonello Esposito…"
Are you a doctor now?
Not that I know of.
"We look forward to seeing you
in Tokyo on October 25th
for the appointment
of the board of directors…"
-I'll kill you.
-Wait.
Let's look at this positively.
-Oh, I'm positive.
-She's right. Stay positive.
-I've had enough of you!
-That hurts!
I want to know what this is about.
-What is this Tokyo thing?
-I'm holding plates!
-You'd better run!
-Look. Listen, Vito.
Napoleon and I would like to go to Tokyo.
You would?
Look what Daddy's doing to Uncle.
-See? It wasn't me!
-You better explain!
They're sending me letters.
No way is it my fault!
Antonello, what is all this about?
No!
THE LOVE SCAM
Subtitle translation by: Jaclyn McLoughlin